Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
Rookie?
I'm sorry.
I hit your car.
I don't have insurance.
I'll tell you what, leave me your phone number.
I'll have your car repaired.
Okay?
You dare ride around without insurance?
Driving license, registration.
I'm so sorry.
[ Driving License of the People's Republic of China, Mu Xing ]
Mu Xing?
You look familiar.
I heard on the news recently that a policeman was suspended.
Was that you?
Did you... really hear it on the news?
No.
I looked it up.
Looked it up?
Let me introduce myself.
I work in media.
In new media.
In new media?
You can think of me as a... reporter.
I am investigating some events concerning environmental protection.
So, I've noticed what you were doing in the last several days.
I also know it wasn't supposed to be your case.
The reason why you went to the scene is because it has something to do with your current case.
What else do you know?
I know you are investigating the suicides of the scientists'.
I'm investigating it too.
You can figure out my case and fake an accident.
You are not an average reporter.
I'm a professional little reporter.
Why don't you work with me?
I have lots of information.
I believe that it can help you.
You can't get any information out of me.
Riding an uninsured motor bike, you...
I have insurance.
The policy is in the driving license.
Do you think there are any similarities between their suicides?
Do you think it was caused by psychological problems or external stimulation?
What's your investigation focus?
Are you going to start from their social relations or research topics?
Take it.
Miss Mu, I know you scratched my car by accident.
It doesn't matter.
My car has been scratched many times.
You don't have to pay.
Goodbye.
Think it over!
[Three-Body]
[Episode 5]
Dr. Sha.
Are you Wang Miao?
I'm Professor Ye's student, Sha Ruishan.
Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.
Are these... all your instruments?
Yeah, they are used for observation, but they have nothing to do with my project.
- Come in.
- Okay.
Come.
Aren't they breathtaking?
Unfortunately, they are all like the ears of a deaf man.
Why?
Ever since construction was completed, interference has been unceasing in the observational bands.
First, there were the paging stations during the 80s.
Now, it's mobile communication.
Most of the tasks that need metre-wave aperture synthesis radio telescope can't be performed.
There should be a way to solve it.
Solve it?
Who will solve it?
Should mobile communication be stopped just because we want to explore the universe?
In recent years, commercial operation of basic research have been fairly successful, like in high-energy physics.
Maybe these observatories could be moved to places further away from cities.
It all comes down to money.
Right now, we can only use technical means to shield against interference.
Fortunately, my project only depends on satellite data.
The ground interference doesn't affect me much.
Come on. Let me show you around.
Professor Wang, this is my lab.
It's like home to me. Enjoy yourself.
I usually stay here.
Have some water.
Okay, thanks.
My lab is used to receive the data sent by three satellites
and display them in real time on the eight terminals.
My job is to use this observational data
to create a more detailed map of the cosmic microwave background.
What kind of data do you want to see?
The overall fluctuation in the cosmic microwave background.
Can you be more specific?
What I mean is the isotropic fluctuation
in the overall cosmic microwave background,
between one and five percent.
Professor Wang, you're not a specialist in the field, right?
No.
Do you have some basic understanding of the cosmic microwave background?
I don't know much.
I think it was back in the 60s when two Americans accidentally discovered the radiation
when they were testing a super sensitive satellite reception antenna.
The overall fluctuation in the cosmic microwave background is almost negligible.
Even with the sensitivity of the Planck satellite,
continuously observing for a million years.
But you want to see a five percent fluctuation tonight?
Do you realize what that would mean?
What would that mean?
It means the universe would flicker like a fluorescent tube that's about to burn out.
This must be some joke.
I also hope it's just a joke.
Come and look.
Look.
This curve is the measurement of the cosmic microwave background.
After our conversion, it's basically a straight line.
The error range is due to the Doppler effect from the motion of the Milky Way.
If the kind of fluctuation you anticipate, in excess of one percent, occurs,
this line would turn red and the fluctuation will show in real time.
I would bet that it's going to stay a flat green line until the end of the world.
If you want to see it show the red line of fluctuation,
you might have to wait until long after the death of the sun.
Based on what you said,
it's really unlikely to happen.
But it's alright.
Since Professor Ye asked me to help you, let's do the observation then.
It's not a big deal. Shall we start now?
It might happen around 1:00 AM.
That's soon then.
Take a seat.
Let me set automatic save.
In case, I mean in case, the fluctuation really occurs, it's really worth recording.
I'd rather believe there are aliens than believe the universe would flicker.
Professor Wang.
Look how scared you got.
Would you like some chips?
No, thanks.
Maybe instant noodles or ham sausage?
One minute left.
See?
Look, it's moving!
Red!
It must be a mechanical malfunction.
It doesn't matter. I have two other satellites.
Impossible.
It isn't a malfunction.
Not a malfunction.
Impossible.
Absolutely impossible.
There's another way.
Answer the phone.
Hurry.
Hello, is it the Urumqi Observatory?
This is Miyun.
Immediately! Right now! Send your cosmic observation data to this terminal now!
Now!
[ Urumqi Radio Astronomy Observatory ]
The universe is really flickering.
The universe is flickering.
The universe is flickering!
Can you print out the curve?
Dr. Sha! Can you print out the waveform? Print!
Yes.
Print it!
Short.
Long.
Short-long-long-long-long.
I'll send you a website address.
[ From Shen Yufei ]
Morse Code.
What do you mean?
Short-long-long-long-long.
One.
Give me a pen.
A pen!
Do you have a pen?
Yes.
Here.
Hold it.
Long, long, long, long, long.
Zero.
Eight.
Two.
One.
Zero.
Eight.
Two.
One.
Three.
Seven.
One.
Zero.
Eight.
Two.
One.
Three.
Six.
One.
Zero.
Eight.
Two.
One.
Three.
Five.
One.
Zero.
Eight.
Only 1,108 hours remain.
What hours?
Three days from now.
Then the countdown will continue.
The entire universe will flicker for you
will flicker for you.
Professor Wang, it's been 57 minutes
and it's still flickering.
Is it possible that the three satellites
and the observatory are all malfunctioning?
Impossible.
Absolutely impossible.
Is it possible that it's sabotage?
Even more impossible.
To simultaneously alter the data from three satellites and an observatory on Earth?
That's a supernatural saboteur.
Not a ghost of a chance?
Actually, it's really easy to confirm this.
If the cosmic microwave background is fluctuating this much, we should be able to see it with our own eyes.
The wavelength of the cosmic microwave background is seven centimeters.
That's about seven orders of magnitude longer than the wavelength of visible light.
How could we possibly see it?
Using 3K glasses.
What 3K glasses?
The glasses made for Beijing Planetarium.
These glasses can compress the wavelength of the cosmic microwave background
by seven orders of magnitude so that 7 cm waves are turned into visible red lights,
which is the universe flicker we said.
If I leave here now, before five o'clock in the morning, can you find me a pair of 3K glasses?
I'll go to Beijing Planetarium alone.
I know.
What I want to say is that you must know a lot of things I don't know.
I hope that you'll explain the truth to me when you feel the time is right.
If this phenomenon should lead to some research results, I won't forget you.
The flickering will stop at five in the morning.
You shouldn't pursue it after this.
You won't get anywhere.
Hello, Dr. Sha sent me here.
Here are the 3K glasses.
This button switches it on.
This is for adjusting brightness.
They're fully charged.
You can look as much as you like.
Thanks.
Sha Ruishan must be mental.
[ Beijing Planetarium ]
Professor Wang! Professor Wang!
I hear strange things have been happening to scientists lately, right?
Yes.
Is it our turn?
It's my turn, at least.
Are you okay?
Don't touch me!
Do you need me to call someone?
No!
So unreasonable.
Hello?
What will happen at the end of the countdown?
Tell me, what will happen at the end of the countdown?
♫ Snow in winter, clouds in the sky ♫
♪White♪
What will happen at the end of the countdown?!
What will happen?!
Tell me what will happen at the end of the countdown!
What is it?!
What is it at the end of the countdown?!
I don't know.
♫ Fly away ♫
♫ To the place I've never, never, never been to ♫
♫ Fly away, away, away ♫
♪To the place I've never been to know♪
Buddy.
Can't take it anymore?
I said you couldn't handle it.
And you insisted on playing the tough guy.
You wouldn't understand.
I understand too well.
What's next?
You've cried your frustration out.
Let's go grab a bite.
I don't want to eat.
Then what do you want?
Kill yourself?
Let's go drink.
My treat.
Okay?
Let's go.
I know you are different from Yang Dong and the others.
What do you mean?
I mean, you don't dare kill yourself.
Welcome, sirs.
What would you like?
A bottle of Erguotou.
Okay.
Two orders of quick-fried tripe, a bowl of soy milk,
and one order of deep-fried dough sticks.
Sit.
Grab a bite before you drink.
You'll get sick drinking like this.
Gonna throw up?
I lied to you.
I don't have floaters in my eyes,
instead, I have a countdown in there.
Don't you want to say anything,
like I'm sick, or I'm mental?
Since I came to see you, I wouldn't doubt you.
Sirs, your food.
Enjoy.
I told Shen Yufei about it.
She told me to stop my nano experiment.
I did as she said and the countdown really disappeared.
A trick.
I thought it was a trick at first.
So I told her that I would restart the experiment in three days.
If she could, she should project the countdown onto the sun and the entire universe.
And then?
She did it?
She really did it.
She did it exactly at the time and the scale she designated.
I went to the radio astronomical observatory.
I saw the cosmic microwave data.
Then I went to...
- the Beijing Planetarium.
Then I went to the Beijing Planetarium.
I borrowed a pair of 3K glasses.
I saw the entire universe was flickering...
flickering for me.
You're saying... that the universe was winking at you?
It was exactly the same as the countdown in my eyes.
Bullshit.
It's true.
I saw it. Sha Ruishan saw it.
The Urumqi Observatory recorded it.
More bullshit.
Shi Qiang,
do you ever considered certain philosophical questions?
Where do we come from?
Where will we go?
Where does the universe come from and where will it go?
Nope.
Never?
Never.
The sesame paste is too salty.
When you look at the stars,
don't you feel curious and awe at all?
I never look at the sky at night.
Don't you often work the night shift?
Buddy, when I work at night, if I look up at the sky, the suspect is going to escape.
We really have nothing to say to each other.
You know what, even if I had time to look at the stars and the moon,
I wouldn't be thinking about your philosophical questions.
I have too much to worry about.
I gotta pay the mortgage.
My child hasn't found a job.
And the endless stream of cases...
I tell you what,
I'm such a simple man that if you look down my throat, you can see out my ass.
Naturally, I'm not that kind of person bosses would like.
Years after being discharged from the army, my career is going nowhere.
If I weren't pretty good at my job, I would have been kicked out a long time ago.
Where would I get the time to gaze at stars and philosophize?
Have you heard of the shooter hypothesis and the farmer hypothesis?
Nope.
Right now you're a 2-D creature inhabiting the surface of the target, or a turkey on a farm.
You're mocking me.
I can tell that.
Though I know nothing about the hypothesis you referred to,
I do know an ultimate rule,
which is, anything sufficiently weird must be fishy.
There's a reason to pull leather pants on cotton-padded pants.
Either the latter is too thin or the former is without fur.
What kind of crappy rule is that?
What crap?
There's always someone behind things that don't have an explanation.
It's not a person!
If you had a little basic knowledge of science,
you'd know it's impossible for any force to accomplish the things I experienced.
A countdown was displayed at the scale of the universe!
You can't explain it with our current science!
I couldn't even imagine how to explain it outside of science!
It's more than supernatural!
It's super, I don't know what...!
Either way, I'm telling you, bullshit.
I've seen plenty of weird things.
But I really want to know what will happen at the end of the countdown.
What can it be?
The destruction of earth?
Humans dying out?
Or physics no longer existing?
Human science no longer existing? So what?
Human returns to the agrarian society, or even the primitive society.
We have to bore wood to get fire, farm and hunt. So what?
Our ancestors lived in that way.
We can also live in that way, right?
I know you want to comfort me.
If you didn't think it was important, you wouldn't have followed me all this time, right?
The end of the countdown will never be a simple degradation.
What exactly will happen?
What is it that we must face?
Why do they want to destroy our science?
Apart from our science, what else will they destroy?
I'm right about you.
It was a compliment when I said you don't dare kill yourself.
All right. Let's eat.
And then we go.
Go where?
I'll send you home so that you can get some sleep.
After sleeping?
You'll have dinner, and then have some drinks.
And then get more sleep.
And then?
And then, you'll have to work the next day.
There are only 1,103 hours left before the end of the countdown.
Forget about the countdown.
Wang Miao, I tell you what, your first priority is to stand up straight and not collapse into a heap.
Only then can we talk about other things.
Shi Qiang, can you tell me something about what's really going on?
I'm begging you.
What you just asked me,
I've asked Chang Weisi several times.
We're in the same boat, you and I.
I'll be honest with you.
I don't know anything.
At least in the Battle Command Center, I'm a turkey.
Do you know what turkey represents?
Nope.
But I do know, the harder they try to scare you with something,
the less you should let them satisfy their desires.
Right now they're targeting you.
So, I'll never let you die easily.
Cheers.
Eat.
[ Wang Miao Nano Coward calling ]
Hello.
- Hello.
- Where are you?
Move a little. I'm upstairs.
Look up.
Now I see you.
Catch.
It's all here?
The negatives are in there too.
All right, all right.
Go get some sleep.
Daddy, come here.
Sit down.
Mom said your eyes were uncomfortable.
Let me check them.
Left.
Right.
Up.
Down.
Captain Shi,
I never realized you were so patient.
You're getting along better and better with such a coward.
Focus on driving.
Daddy, I have a question for you.
Why can't we eat too many lotus roots?
Because they would make us ugly.
(T/N: a play on the sounds of words)
Why is the water in the Eastern Sea so good?
[ Wang Miao Nano Coward ]
I don't know...
[ Edit Remark ]
Because of the Dragon King.
Why is the seafood in the Eastern Sea so good?
[ Name: Nano Coward ]
Because of the Dragon King?
No.
Because the Dragon King has a daughter called Little Dragon Maiden.
Dinner is ready, you two.
Daddy, let's have dinner.
Okay. Have dinner.
[ Nano Coward ]
[ Nano ]
[ Wang Miao ]
Dad, your glasses have steamed up!
Steamed up.
♫ Please don't go, because it only flickers for you ♫
♫ When the universe shines for you ♫
♫ When the whole universe flickers for you ♫
♫ Please don't go, because you deserve it ♫
♫ Please don't go, because it only flickers for you ♫
♫ Only flickers for you ♫
Dad, Dad, Dad.
Dad, Dad.
Dad.
The teacher asked me again.
Are you going to come give the lecture at my school?
What lecture?
I told you the other day.
You are a professor of physics.
My teacher wants you to give us a lecture at school.
Physics?
Dad.
Please say yes.
Say yes.
Who can catch this ball?
Me. Me. Me!
- Professor, me.
- Me. - Me.
[ Charm of Physics ]
Professor, I can catch it!
Professor, me, me.
Okay, now I have a question for you.
Why does the ball always hit the ground no matter how high I throw it?
Gravity.
Very good.
You are all very smart.
This is the truth of physics.
It reveals the nature of all things in the world and the laws of movement,
and explores the mysteries of nature.
Physics will tell you all the answers.
According to calculations, using this rule,
we have a probability of about 3.22% to reduce the costs.
And we may also solve the problem around Nano Flying Blade not being able to go into mass production.
Now the shutdown and maintenance are over.
I declare,
the experiment is restarting.
This is the tennis ball we just threw.
This is an iron ball.
If we release them at the same height
and the same time, which will hit the ground first?
- Tennis ball.
- Iron ball.
Okay.
Now let's count one, two, three, and see which will hit the ground first.
Mr. Wang, everything is ready.
The experiment can restart in two hours.
One!
Two!
three!
Get ready to restart.
As you saw, they hit the ground at the same time.
This is physics.
It isn't based on imagination or speculation.
We need to conduct experiments down to earth, one experiment after another.
Our experiments may fail, but we shouldn't give up.
Like when you were little, you had to learn to walk, ride a bike, and skate.
What would you do if you fell down accidentally?
Stand up!
Very good!
You won't stop moving forward just because you are afraid of falling.
Of course, it will never be easy to pursue the truth.
You'll face setbacks
and suspicion.
But whether Giordano Bruno
or Galileo,
history has eventually proved that their adherence to the truth is incomparably correct.
Let's stick to our intention of pursuing truth
and never give up.
[1027  07  56... 55, 54, 53]
[1023  08  03... 02, 01, 00]
What's this?
Look carefully.
Look in the middle.
What's this?
Countdown.
Dr. Ding.
Stay back.
In 1975,
Victor, the scientist, used a high-energy electron accelerator collider to verify his model.
But he failed.
Then he stayed there for over four hours to check all the components,
and eventually found that his calculation was incorrect.
So are you paying tribute to Victor now?
The first data at 9:07,
the second data at 10:22,
and the third data at 10:50 are inconsistent.
Neither are they consistent with the calculation.
The experiment failed.
I saw all the data.
I think at most, the verification hasn't been completed. It isn't a failure.
But I didn't find any regular patterns.
This kind of problem happens in most experiments.
If it were me, I would find various excuses.
Maybe... my outfit today...
wasn't right.
Or maybe I shouldn't have had that cup of coffee.
Or maybe I shouldn't have played that music during when bathing last night?
I think you should think about it in this way.
Maybe you left home too early this morning.
Maybe you didn't wear the perfume I gave you.
Maybe...
the experiment will go smoothly if you say yes to my proposal.
You should know,
every time when we get inaccurate data,
it means the theoretical models become more and more complex, vague, and uncertain.
Experimental verification will become more and more difficult.
Then measure it more times.
And I'll propose more times.
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
[Three-Body]